(Charlie)
Previously on Graceland...
- So you like it rough.
- Come on, mama.
- [grunts]
- [groans]
Oh shit.
Secretly, I liked it.
But next time,
maybe not so rough.
I think I'm gonna be running
everything that has to do
with the Sarkissian family.
And I'm thinking
a great man can use
a beautiful woman
by his side.
(Charlie)
I want Germaine.
If he tries to bolt,
don't be afraid
to kick his ass
through a door.
(Jakes)
Copy that.
Somebody want to tell me
what the hell happened?
He's an informant.
(Jakes)
He's an informant for whom?
(Charlie)
ATF.
Look, the feds,
they have to have a mole,
but you're never gonna know
until you ask.
Ask who?
Grab a federal agent,
tie his ass to a chair,
and make him tell you
who the mole is.
TLX119.
Who you tailing?
(Briggs)
One of the Sarkissians.
(Logan)
Agent Warren,
what is Paul Briggs capable of?
(Mike)
I wish I had more to tell you.
If Paul's up to something,
it's news to me.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[door opens]
[door shuts]
[footsteps approaching]
I know you've had
a hell of a day, Logan.
But I'm gonna ask you
some questions.
And I want you to exercise
some sober reflection
before you answer me,
because if you say
what I think you're gonna say,
well, things are liable
to get a whole lot rougher.
Are you gonna kill me?
(Briggs)
You don't get to ask
the questions.
What'd he say?
Anything?
Well, nothing good.
We just got to keep
working him over.
He'll break.
Nothing good:
phrase of the night.
This has been
going on too long.
You know what happens
if they catch us
with the head
of Los Angeles FBI?
Nothing good?
It ain't no joke.
We got to get rid of this guy
as soon as possible.
Hey, Ari, the FBI
is up your ass, brother,
and you don't know how far.
Now, you want
to go in there
and put a slug
in this guy's brain?
Fine, let's do it,
but I think it's a waste.
He's a source of information.
We find out what he knows first,
and then we bury him.
I hate to see
a half-smoked cigarette
on the ground.
Okay.
So frustrated, guy.
Don't know what
I'm fighting for anymore.
What do you mean?
I talked to Tev.
Martun is giving Toros
his Artsiv yev Arryutsy
tomorrow.
His Eagle and Lion?
He shake hands,
kisses babies,
receives
his initiation tattoos,
and then it's over.
Leadership is passed on.
He is the new prince.
That's bullshit, man.
So you keep
working over our friend.
I'm gonna go home
and get some sleep.
You know what?
I think we should
let him stew
in his own filth
for a night.
Maybe that'll loosen
his dumb ass up.
You're sick, guy.
I like it.
Dale, get up.
- Dale.
- Charlie, it's dark out.
Listen, ATF won't let us
bust Germaine
because they're building cases
on all his gun-running clients,
right?
What if we bag his ass
without laying a finger
on their investigation?
Mm-mm, I'm sleeping.
No, you're not.
Get up. Come on.
Why are you
bothering me?
Because I want Germaine.
Yeah, well, I want
a big house,
I want a million dollars,
and I want the love
of a beautiful woman.
It's not in my cards.
Then you need a new deck, boo.
Let's go.
Listen, you're gonna go there.
You're gonna tell Germaine that
the oxy business crapped out
when the Windgates
got busted
and that you want to get
into money laundering.
I don't think Germaine
is taking interns, Charlie.
Let me sleep.
I'm not talking about an intern.
I'm talking about a buffer.
ATF is protecting this guy.
He knows that deal with ATF
is bullshit.
One minute,
they got his back.
Next minute,
they got him in cuffs.
But what if he has someone else
doing his dirty work?
You go in.
You meet his clients.
You learn his network.
The more you know
about his business,
the easier it'll be.
So you want me to become him?
Yes, yes.
Wheels up in two hours,
all right?
Just...here.
- Just--just get up.
- Don't--
Let's get ready.
♪ ♪
[grunting]
Hey, Paige.
- Yeah.
- Have you seen Briggs?
- No.
- Heard from him, anything?
- Mm-mm.
- Shit.
'Sup, bro?
What's going on?
Briggs kidnapped Logan.
What?
What are you talking about?
They grabbed him
off the street
and threw him
in the back of a van.
Wait, wait, wait,
who is they?
I'm assuming Ari Adamian.
No, no, he's not under
with the Sarkissians anymore,
so no.
Well, if Briggs grabbed Logan,
he's got to have
a good reason for it, right?
I know, and that's why
I haven't called this in.
But I've been trying
to get ahold of him
all night, all morning,
nothing.
And if the SAC of the FBI
doesn't show up for work...
Yeah, they're definitely
gonna notice it.
I might need your help
with this one.
Hi.
Uh, guys,
I have a little problem.
I kidnapped Agent Logan.
(Briggs on recorder)
Ari pulled me in.
He handed me a mask.
I had no idea
where we were going.
(Logan on recorder)
Bullshit.
(Briggs on recorder)
I warned you, Logan.
I told you they wanted
to question somebody.
Remember that?
They're trying to find out
how deep
the federal investigation goes?
Well, here we are.
(Logan on recorder)
What do you want from me?
I don't want shit, man.
I didn't want this
in the first place.
It wasn't my design.
Then get me out.
[scoffs]
You want out?
Okay, man,
I'll get you out.
You say the word, Logan,
and I'll shoot us
out of here right now.
Matter of fact,
I'll do you one better.
I'll call in the cavalry,
how's that, hmm?
Tacked-out agents,
flash-bangs,
birds in the sky,
the whole nine.
But if we bring
Ari in now,
we can't touch Martun,
and you and I both know it.
[sighs]
Look.
I have no idea how many people
have suffered for this case,
but I do know this.
Between Paige and myself,
we have never been closer
to getting Martun Sarkissian
than we are right now.
We are so close.
So you have a big decision
to make.
You hold your cover.
I want Martun.
You do
whatever you have to do,
but the second
you can get me out--
the second--
you do it.
(Logan on recorder)
Paul, I do not
want to die here.
Wow, Jesus Christ.
Dude's got balls,
I'll give him that.
(Mike)
Come on, Briggs.
Ari isn't driving this.
Three days ago
in your room,
I heard you give Ari
Logan's plate number.
[chuckles] No, Mike, that--
that's not what you heard.
What you heard was Ari
giving me Logan's plate number.
Listen, I know what I heard.
Mike, you were about to vomit
your way through withdrawal.
(Mike)
Yeah, that was before.
You had a full-blown
psychotic breakdown, Mike.
[sighs]
Look, I know what I heard, okay?
TLX119.
That's what you said
on the phone.
I didn't make it up.
Yes, I did say that,
because I was repeating--
I didn't make this up,
okay?
I don't know what game
you're playing here,
but whatever it is,
you don't have to--
Mike, look in my eyes.
This is not a game.
[electronic music]
♪ ♪
(Paige)
What time does it start?
(Toros)
It's tonight, but I want you
to come early.
Mm-hmm, and who's
gonna be there?
(Toros)
Leadership, important people.
Well, sounds intimate.
You sure it's not inappropriate
if I come?
If it were inappropriate,
I wouldn't invite you.
(Paige)
I mean, I don't know.
(Toros)
Paige, I'm gonna ask you this now,
one last and final time.
Do you want to be
with me or not?
(Paige)
Yes.
If you're holding Logan here,
we could set up
surveillance here.
Yeah, looks like
a good vantage point, so...
I don't know, guys.
You got too many blind corners.
I can't take the risk.
Even if Logan wants to stay
strapped to the chair all day,
we should still
have a team in place.
(Tuturro)
Yeah, at least
as a precaution, right?
Well, hello.
Did you not get the memo?
We're gearing up for an op,
not a dinner party.
Yeah, the Sarkissians
are having
an initiation ceremony
for Toros tonight,
and he wants me there,
so, uh...
- What's that?
- It's a sort of a baptism.
He's getting tattooed to show
his ascension
into the Sarkissian
upper ranks.
And you're gonna be
on his arm,
so that makes you two,
what, a couple?
I will be in the room
with Martun Sarkissian,
so this is exactly what we've
been working towards, right?
If it were any of the guys
in this position,
no one would be
trying to stop him.
- You know that, right?
- Didn't say anything.
(Mike)
No, she's right.
If you lock in your cover
with Toros tonight,
there's no strategic advantage
to keeping Ari in play.
(Tuturro)
True.
She's gonna be
at the ceremony.
We should move in now.
No, Mike,
it's all unstable ground
with the Sarkissians.
We wait till Toros
gets his tattoos.
- That's when we move.
- Okay.
Okay.
Then Logan just needs to survive
the night with you and Ari.
Yeah. Yeah, I need you two
to stay tight to Toros.
For what?
(Paige)
This ceremony is at a church
with little kids
and old ladies.
I don't need babysitters
for this.
(Briggs)
Come on, Paige, it's not that.
I mean, look,
I can handle Ari on my own,
but with Toros,
it's a tightrope.
He'd put a bullet in Logan
just to spite me.
(Tuturro)
Okay, so we make sure
Toros doesn't head your way.
And as soon as he gets tatted,
you call in a team,
get Logan out.
The very moment.
See you tonight.
- All right.
- Bye.
Anything else
we should know about?
No, Mike, the plan's
all on the table.
♪ ♪
(Jakes)
I know you hate the humidity,
but South Florida ain't bad.
It's like living
in somebody's crotch.
The food's good.
Women are
distractingly attractive.
Ugh, don't remind me.
The Cubans are real.
Glad you're enjoying yourself.
This ain't no
friggin' vacation.
I know, Charlie.
I'm just saying.
Far as covers go,
playing rich in Miami
ain't half bad.
Is that a real Cuban?
Nice.
You know,
when you're pregnant,
the booze, the smoke,
all the horrible shit
you were happy
to consume yesterday,
when you're thinking for two,
you won't touch it.
We're so stupid, people.
You would've been
a good mom, Chuck.
(Charlie)
There's your guy.
Remember, Germaine knows ATF
is covering his ass,
so he's not gonna
be so easy to spook.
And I guarantee
he's also gonna think--
Charlie, I know how
to do my job, thank you.
All right.
TAC SUV's around the corner.
- Mm-hmm.
- [chuckles]
Be careful.
It's all wrong, mate.
What?
Well, firstly, you don't come
into a cigar lounge
with your own cigar.
Put it out.
Furthermore, you don't set
a meeting with me
unless you've got a great big
pile of cash to move,
which I know you don't.
You're all sixes and sevens,
mate.
You hear about the Windgates?
Are you asking
whether I've heard
if my clients
got pinched by the feds?
Of course I have.
They were
my income stream.
You've got a problem,
don't you?
Yeah, well,
I got a solution.
I want to work for you.
Now, hold on,
'cause I think I know
how this conversation's
gonna go.
You see, I would argue
that the Windgate bust
puts you
in a very precarious situation.
And if your name gets out,
it's bad for business.
And you're gonna say,
"Mate, if I was concerned
with coppers,
what would I be doing
smoking baccy in Little Havana?"
But I know two things.
I know it took you three days
to get here
when the Windgates
reached out,
which means
you live abroad,
and trips here
are risky.
What else do you know?
That you're
a hyperintelligent individual,
that you understand acutely
that the heat's always on,
and that every step
on U.S. soil
could be your last
as a free man.
So let me be your buffer,
your boots on the ground
here in the States.
If shit hits the fan,
I get sprayed.
We both know...
the fan's always spinning.
♪ ♪
[keys jingling]
Wasn't sure you'd come.
I said I'd be here.
You say a lot of things.
What are you implying?
I've barely been able
to get you on the phone
for the past couple weeks.
You're avoiding me.
No, no,
that's not it at all.
I-I'm not.
I've just--
I've been scattered at work
and being sick, and...
I'm sorry.
I should have called.
It's not like
I wasn't thinking about you.
[keys jingle]
You're tense.
Yeah, well, you know,
it's just always been Ari
next in line for this.
It's a family nepotism thing.
No one's considered my merit
for years.
And now today,
getting here to these doors,
it's been a--
it's been an uphill battle.
Just take a breath, okay,
and relax.
You've earned this.
And whatever uphill climb
you have,
I will be by your side now.
- [exhales]
- Yes.
You look beautiful
in that dress.
You wear that for me?
Maybe.
Toros...
I don't just want to be
your arm candy.
I know.
What do you want?
Everything.
Bring what I told you?
(Mike)
Why did Briggs need two of us
to watch Toros?
(Tuturro)
I don't know.
Stakeout's usually
a two-man job, right?
What if I got
to piss or something?
You're saying
you couldn't do this alone?
I like having you here.
Let me ask you something.
What?
Since the Sarkissian case
got handed to Briggs,
what's been
his biggest obstacle?
I don't know.
Ari, maybe?
No, man, it's Logan.
Logan's making him
finish this case
no matter what happens.
He told us that weeks ago.
I mean, even if
he arrests Martun,
Briggs is still
gonna get nailed
for everything
that Ari's done.
All right.
What are you trying
to say, Mike?
Yesterday Logan had me
in his office,
and he asked me what I thought
Briggs was up to.
It's like he could smell
something was off.
Okay, but whatever,
that doesn't necessarily mean--
And the plate,
it sounded like Briggs
was giving Ari directions.
Stop.
Stop, look, I hear
what you're trying to say,
but what are you
really saying?
We're sitting here
doing surveillance on somebody
who's not even a liability.
[scoffs]
Johnny, Briggs didn't
want us here to watch Toros.
He wanted us here
so we wouldn't watch him.
God damn it, man.
You better be right,
Mike.
You're late.
Yeah, Ari,
the guy's strapped to a chair.
I didn't exactly think
we were in a rush.
Did you bring enough
for the rest of the class?
That's a gourmet
ice cream sandwich.
I paid $4.50 plus tax.
- Get your own.
- Ah.
Yeah, I'd rather do this
on an empty stomach anyway.
You got power tools?
Nah, man,
I'm old school.
Hand tools only.
I say we give this guy,
I don't know,
a couple hours
with these toys.
If he still doesn't
want to talk,
maybe we run out and get
some of that stuff
that Martun used on Colby.
Acid, huh?
Oh, yeah.
I wouldn't mind
hearing this guy scream.
[dogs barking]
Can't lie.
When you said
meet me at your office,
I was expecting something
a little more...upper crust.
Well, I'm heartbroken it didn't
meet with your approval.
You wanted to see
how I do business.
This is it.
How much you reckon
this house is worth?
(Jakes)
I'd say 500 maybe.
55 max.
Yeah?
I just paid 1.8 million for it.
Sounds like
you got screwed.
We'll see about that,
won't we?
- Holy shit.
- You were saying?
This whole house
is brimming with hard cash,
most of it in the walls.
My client estimates
its value at--
2 million.
You bought it for 1.8,
minus the half a mil
it's actually worth,
leaves 1.3,
which is 2 million
minus your 35%.
Your math is good.
That's a bonus.
[banging]
You paid well over
market value.
Maybe some county clerk
clocks it, probably not.
Either way, your client leaves
with $1.8 million,
clean and accounted for,
and you, my friend, you...
Jesus Christ,
this is all your bounty.
My bounty and my burden.
Yeah, tell me how $2 million
is a burden.
I'd like to know.
Len...
take the day off, mate.
Take Zoe to the aquarium
or something.
Thanks, Len.
You got Len's job now.
I ain't pitching myself
as a day laborer.
I hope you're
wearing underwear.
(Germaine)
My client, his name's Swiggy.
I don't know
where he got a name like that,
and frankly, I don't care.
All I care about is his money.
Swiggy brings in
about a million cash
every three months.
But since he trades
in hand-to-hand drug deals,
pimping, and petty theft,
most of his bills
are small denomination.
2 million in small bills
weighs about 700 kilos.
(Jakes)
How much is that in pounds?
(Germaine)
A shit-ton.
Once the cash is sorted,
tallied, strapped,
set into something
more manageable,
then it's just a matter
of getting it
back out into society.
[reggae music]
That's where my little team
of Smurfs come in.
They may not be
little blue men,
but they are very, very loyal.
Smurfs deliver cash
to a number of front companies
I work with.
Cash businesses, all of them,
ones that can account
for a fresh influx
of liquid capital...
and ones just illicit enough
to not have any smart ideas.
♪ ♪
(Germaine)
Then the entire process
begins anew.
A fresh house is purchased
by our friend Swiggy,
and he begins filling it
with his dirty money.
Everybody's richer.
Everybody wins.
♪ ♪
Where's your friend?
Well, he took off.
He's running some errands.
He's insane, Paul.
Listen, Logan, um...
let me ask you
a question.
You remember what they used
on Colby?
[breathing heavily]
Paul...
you got to call this in.
I had enough.
Now, you said
when I said the word,
you'd pull me out.
I'm saying the word, Paul.
I'm saying the word.
Now, listen to me.
Listen to me.
No.
I've got a better idea.
Paul.
Paul, call it in.
Don't do this.
Paul, don't do it!
Here will be Artsiv,
the eagle.
He looks over
all Armenian people.
It will show
that I am a protector.
And what about that one?
Here will be Arryutsy.
He represents
the power of my king,
of Martun.
These are the same marks
that Tevan Adamian wears
and other great men
that came before him.
What about that mark?
Oh, that's just--
that's just my--
A gift from my father,
for protecting my mother.
You don't have
to talk about it.
Sorry.
Him beating her
was nothing new,
but that night,
he'd broken four bones
in her face.
And he wasn't finished.
Oh...
I came at him with a knife,
but I was 11.
Jesus.
After he sobered up,
Martun told him
to come back to his office
to discuss
medical arrangements.
No one ever saw him again.
That day, I swore my life
to the Sarkissians.
I may not be born
of their blood,
but my loyalty to them,
to Martun...
He gave my mother and I
a chance to start over,
to trust.
But every time
I look in the mirror,
I have a reminder.
- I better go get ready.
- Yeah.
You can clean up here,
yes?
Yeah.
(Tuturro)
You still got any room
for the benefit
of the doubt, man?
'Cause I could sure
use some right about now.
[sighs]
If Logan even
makes it out of there,
all he's gonna do is continue
to manipulate Briggs.
If you had a problem
you couldn't fix,
wouldn't you just try
to eliminate the problem?
You talking about murder?
Yeah.
Is that new for him?
A bigwig at the FBI?
I'm tired of sitting around
and theorizing
about this shit, man.
I'm going in.
Find out for my damn self.
We just got to call
a team first, okay?
We can't just
run up in there.
Didn't you talk me
into coming here?
This is Briggs.
We don't know what's going on
in there, all right?
No matter how good
your shot is, or mine,
that guy is better.
We got to have a team.
[touch tones beeping]
Don't know why you got me
in this shit, Mike, man.
[line trills]
You know,
back in the olden days,
they would take
the severed hand of a dead man
and turn it into a candle
with the fat from his body.
It would be a hand,
but it would be on fire.
It had magical powers,
and it could unlock any door.
They called it
"Hand of Glory."
Mine is different.
Still a burning hand,
but it's gonna unlock
your fricking mouth hole.
Hand of Glory.
Ari, don't do this.
You don't want to do this.
Roll up his sleeve, guy.
- Don't do it.
- With pleasure.
Hey, uh, take it from me.
You could save yourself
a lot of pain and misery,
and you could save us
a lot of time
if you would just
open up that mouth of yours
and start talking.
Well, what do you want me
to say?
Just tell me
what you want me to say,
and I'll say it.
Colby was an informant.
You tried to get him
to be an informant.
Yes, I did.
Who else are you hiding
in our organization?
No one. There's no one else.
Who else would there be?
- Tell me.
- There's nobody else.
[screaming]
[groaning]
Just tell me who.
Spit it out.
- No one.
- Spit it out!
Nobody.
There's nobody else.
Tell me who else!
No one!
Come on.
[screaming]
Oh, he smells.
Oh.
[whistles]
Our Hand of Glory's
gonna touch your face now.
I just want my family.
I just want to see my family.
Hear me?
Gonna touch your face.
The DEA!
They have an agent under
with the Sarkissians.
The DEA?
Yes, Paige Arkin.
That's her name.
She's a blonde.
The lesbian?
He's talking
about the freakin' lesbian.
I don't know anybody else
named Paige, do you?
[scoffs]
Why would the DEA
have an agent under with us?
She's tracking shipments
through Clear-Line,
getting close to Toros.
Mapping the Sarkissian pipeline,
all the ins and outs.
Martun.
She's trying
to take down Martun.
Yes.
Holy shit.
This is fricking bad, guy.
Yeah, if we believe him.
He knows her name.
He knows Clear-Line.
He knows
she's cuddled up with Toros.
Yeah.
And the fricking
ceremony, guy.
What?
Toros' ceremony.
He invited the DEA bitch
to his ceremony.
She's probably there
right now.
And you said Martun and Tev
were gonna be there.
I got to call them.
- Call who?
- Toros.
Call your uncle, Ari.
If Toros can't handle
that bitch, what can he handle?
Listen, Toros
is the only thing
standing between
you and Martun.
That ceremony
that's happening today,
those tattoos
that he's getting,
they should be on your skin,
man, not his.
Tev and Martun
feel differently.
Oh, yeah, well,
how would Tev and Martun feel
if they knew that
he was working with a fed?
I told you
what you wanted to hear.
Shut up!
Listen to me, Ari.
Maybe this is
an honest mistake,
and maybe, just maybe,
Toros is
selling you guys out.
But you know
what the good news is?
He'll never be
second in command now.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
Tev was on the way to the church
when he got my call.
Another ten minutes,
and Martun would have been
in the same room
with a DEA agent.
You did good today,
my guy.
Tev wants us
to go get Toros
and bring him here.
Hmm, sounds good.
Go get him.
I'm gonna tie up
a loose end.
Hey, whoa, whoa!
Hey, wait!
[gunshots]
We got to go now.
Hold, hold, hold, hold on.
- Ari's coming out on foot.
- Shit.
Shit.
What do we do?
Take half the team,
follow him,
take him down.
What about Briggs?
Ah, damn it.
All right, B team,
come with me.
We're gonna follow the Chrysler
southbound
toward Los Angeles.
Alpha, you're with me.
Suspect Agent Paul Briggs
may be armed and dangerous.
We may have a body.
It's quite the turnout.
That's good, right?
They were expecting this
to be Ari.
I can see it
on their faces.
And where the hell is Tev?
Okay, here, come here.
Hey, listen to me.
They may have been
expecting Ari,
but who they got
is so much greater.
You made everybody in this room
realize your strength.
Do you know how much
I admire that?
Hmm?
Do you know how rare that is?
I want a man
who takes what he wants.
You're exactly what I need.
Thank you.
[phone buzzing]
Sorry.
[buzzing continues]
Just give me a second.
Thanks.
(Paige)
How's Logan?
You need to go.
It--it's less than an hour
to the ceremony.
I understand that,
but Logan gave you up.
You're burned.
What?
(Briggs)
Burned.
Tevan Adamian knows you're DEA.
Soon Toros is gonna know.
You need to get
out of there now.
- I--
- Hey.
Hey.
Everything okay?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm just...
I'm gonna go to the washroom
and just freshen up
before everything starts.
Okay.
[cell phone ringing]
[speaks Armenian]
Tevan.
Yes, I'm here.
Yes, she's here.
Leaving? No.
Why would we go anywhere?
No, we'll be here.
Yes, both of us.
Okay, I look forward
to seeing you.
[knocking]
(Toros)
Paige, I just got a call
from Tevan.
He's actually excited
to meet you.
How crazy is--
Paige.
[grunts]
I'm so sorry, Logan.
(Mike)
Don't move.
- Mike?
- Briggs.
(Mike)
Let me see your hands.
Mike, what are you
doing here?
Back away from the body.
- Warren, what are you--
- Back away.
[Logan coughing]
Agent Warren.
What the hell is this?
Sir...
Hey, speed up.
I don't want this asshole
to see us coming.
[engine revving]
Sir, are you okay?
No, Warren,
I'm not nearly okay.
Agents, stand down.
Mike, you want to tell me
what the hell
you're doing here?
You put me on Toros
so that you could--
So that I could what?
God damn it, Mike, would you
please put the gun away,
unless you're gonna shoot me?
Pull out your cell phone
and call Johnny.
Tell him that Paige
has been burned.
- What?
- Burned.
Her cover is blown, okay?
He needs to stick tight to Toros
in case he tries to follow her.
(Logan)
I didn't go through
all this shit for nothing.
Warren, do it now.
Johnny's following Ari
to arrest him.
What the--
I need a walkie now.
Give it here.
This is Special Agent in Charge
Sean Logan.
I am ordering you,
do not engage Ari Adamian.
I repeat,
You're kidding me, man.
Can I ask you
a question, Mike?
Who's on Toros?
- Nobody.
Would you please
get the car now?
All right, let's move.
Briggs.
What?
I want you to know
that nothing changes.
This still ends
with you burning.
Paul, I just got home.
What the hell happened?
Call me back.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
Didn't think I'd come.
Toros.
Gonna let me in, or...
do you want to play
more mind games?
[thumping club music]
♪ ♪
He's trying to grab the rope.
He's flapping around
and whatnot.
You know, so he's kind of like--
like a dog,
when you grab him up
by the collar
and he can't breathe,
you know what I'm saying?
But Trina here--
Trina, what was that you said?
She says, "Cut him down.
He's strangulating!"
[laughs]
Yeah, I cut him down,
all right,
right after he shit his pants.
And I still ain't give him
the rock neither.
Nothing more fun
than a basehead, right?
All right, pal?
Swiggy, I believe you know
my friend Dale.
What's up, my brother?
I don't think
we formally met.
Right, well, I will leave you
to the festivities,
my friend.
Cheers.
Thanks for the party.
No doubt.
I don't know how
you work for that guy.
Scum.
Yeah, he's
right proper scum.
But tonight,
this is his boat,
and he's your host.
Besides, he's a vital part
of this ecosystem.
Without him,
none of this exists.
Without him, a lot
of stereotypes don't exist.
[camera shutter clicking]
You think I'm having a laugh,
but I'm not.
Men like me cleaned
bootlegging money from the Micks
and created the Kennedys.
The goombahs laundered
racket money
from the mob and built Vegas.
And Miami, all of this,
that's cocaine money
from the Latins.
That's what I love
about this business.
Doesn't matter
where you're from.
Any man can build a kingdom.
What am I doing here?
What are you doing here?
You climb out
from the window.
You know what?
I wouldn't even be here,
but Tevan called
asking for you.
You spoke to Tev?
Yeah, we're supposed to be
meeting him
outside of the church,
like...now.
Can we go?
Toros, I can't.
- What?
- I--
I'm not Armenian.
I'm not part of your family.
I'm not even
in your close circle of friends.
Tev will know that
the moment he meets me.
I am an outsider.
I can't be there.
You're an outsider?
That's how you feel?
An outsider?
No, look--
I welcomed you in.
I opened the door,
and I let you in!
How are you an outsider?
What are you saying
to me right now?
That is not what I'm saying.
After all the trust,
after all of the things
that I told you,
that I swear to God
I've never told anyone,
you left me there
in a church by myself.
That is not what--
I am so sorry.
I did what I thought
was best for you.
was best for us.
Okay, you have to trust me.
Trust you?
Stop bullsh--
[grunting]
(Briggs)
Come on, Paige, come on,
come on, come on.
Voicemail, she's not picking up,
man, God damn it!
Bro, can you please
drive faster?
[engine revving]
[beeping]
[tires squealing]
Just drive, Mike.
Don't talk to me
about trust!
You've been bullshitting me.
Since the very beginning,
you've been bullshitting me.
The most important day
of my life,
- and you got me here--
- Ah!
[dog barks]